# Examples taken from definition & run through C# stemmer: https://tartarus.org/martin/PorterStemmer/csharp2.txt
caresses -> caress
ponies -> poni
ties -> ti
caress -> caress
cats -> cat
feed -> feed
agreed -> agre
plastered -> plaster
bled -> bled
motoring -> motor
sing -> sing
conflated -> conflat
troubled -> troubl
sized -> size
hopping -> hop
tanned -> tan
falling -> fall
hissing -> hiss
fizzed -> fizz
failing -> fail
filing -> file
happy -> happi
sky -> sky
relational -> relat
conditional -> condit
rational -> ration
valency -> valenc
hesitancy -> hesit
digitizer -> digit
conformably -> conform
radically -> radic
differently -> differ
vilely -> vile
analogously -> analog
vietnamization -> vietnam
predication -> predic
operator -> oper
feudalism -> feudal
decisiveness -> decis
hopefulness -> hope
callousness -> callous
formaliti -> formal
sensitiviti -> sensit
sensibiliti -> sensibl
triplicate -> triplic
formative -> form
formalize -> formal
electriciti -> electr
electrical -> electr
hopeful -> hope
goodness -> good
revival -> reviv
allowance -> allow
inference -> infer
airliner -> airlin
gyroscopic -> gyroscop
adjustable -> adjust
defensible -> defens
irritant -> irrit
replacement -> replac
adjustment -> adjust
dependent -> depend
adoption -> adopt
homologou -> homolog
communism -> commun
activate -> activ
angulariti -> angular
homologous -> homolog
effective -> effect
bowdlerize -> bowdler
probate -> probat
rate -> rate
cease -> ceas
controlling -> control
rolling -> roll
